bashir90899
#9138

Main Admin — 06/07/2022 6:00 PM
1) TikTok Fundamentals

I would suggest spending 90% of your time on TikTok and 10% on other social media platforms. Why? Simply because of the algorithms of TikTok. CREATE A MINIMUM OF 1 TIKTOK PER DAY IF YOU CAN! BE CONSISTENT & WORK HARD!

Even simple videos often go viral and can generate you a lot of money.

While building your own YouTube, for example, will take months and months to achieve any kind of traction, unless you use YouTube shorts. Those can explode quickly as well. And I am not even talking about Instagram.

Instagram should mostly be used for reels. Making simple posts and stories will not make it go viral fast. However, it does not mean that you should do only TikTok. Starting on all platforms is still a good idea, simply to broaden your audience and extend your reach.

Not to mention that you can post the same videos across many social media platforms. 
For example, when you focus on TikTok videos, which you should, you can always repost pretty much the same video in Instagram reels, youtube shorts, and Facebook reels.

Alright, let's talk about TikTok. 
First, the fundamentals.

TikTok is about videos and it is fast paced.
Your audience has the attention span of a small child.

Good hooks is a must, they will decide whether or not to watch your video within the first second.
If you are not able to grab their attention within the first second, the rest does not matter.
This is why hooks are critical.
Hooks are written statements or questions that make the audience want to watch.

Example:
"This is how your brain reacts to junk food"
"Billionaire talks about New World Order plan"
"Olympic Champion explains how to reach your goals"

All these things are hooks, they might be weird but they are interesting and grab your attention immediately.

Remember, you have only one second to make the viewer think "I'll give this video a chance"!

The next step?
Holding their attention.

Next lesson will go on that in more depth 
Main Admin — 06/07/2022 6:10 PM
2) Why are other Kralow Affiliate or Kralow University accounts getting more views and engagement than me?

1) Has the post been up for 2 weeks?
2) If you were the viewer, would you comment on it yourself?
3) Is the clip itself good enough?
4) Is it a repost? (Should not be)
5) Is the video I edited able to keep the viewer engaged and find it aesthetically pleasing to watch?

If you're a "dedicated to business" account without an engaging audience,
I highly recommend to mainly post these type of videos on TikTok to build up an audience:

1) Short stories
2) Controversial rants / videos
3) Wisdom which can also have people comment (Example: Thomas Kralow on why Bitcoin will never go to zero.)

4) "How to?" videos.
Examples: 
a) How to become a professional crypto trader? - Best place to learn is Kralow University - Link to a 20% discount in my bio. 
b) How am I making $X,000 per month? I joined Kralow Affiliates, learned affiliate marketing, so can you - use the link in my bio to get a 20% discount.
c) How can anyone get out of a "9-5" routine? I personally used Kralow University to change my life - use the link in bio to get insane deals. 
d) How is it possible that some people make a lot of money from home? They have joined Kralow University - the place where you can learn real life skills that the regular universities do not teach - use my link in the bio and get huge discounts. 
And so on and so forth!
(examples above are based on Kralow Affiliates / Kralow University)

Bonus: 
Use controversial hooks. Example: Why cooking is a low ROI activity. 
People will think, "But don't we need to cook and eat to survive? Let me see what this guy shouting at me is talking about."

What does not work:
Useless videos (Random talking with no controversial engagement, etc.)
Common / Boring CTAs
Things like: Follow for more! ; Leave a comment! ; Thoughts? ; Do you agree?

No one cares about that.

Think about how the viewer sees it, not how you see it. 
Main Admin — 06/07/2022 6:23 PM
3) How to hold the attention of your audience

Main mistake: let the idea of video come to conclusion before video ends

To keep the viewer watching do not show the end. If there is a small pause, even 1 second, then you failed it will be considered as a conclusion.
So they can continue scrolling.

You cannot give any rest to your viewers. No first parts, no second parts.
Video should go ONE TWO THREE.
First point. Second point. Third point. No pause, no rest!

By the time they finished the First point, the second point has already begun. They do not have any options to choose if they want to continue. They already do. You made the choice for them!

Delete the pause,
They cannot choose, you already made a decision for them.
Keep them on the hook.

PUSH PUSH PUSH.
Let them off when the video is done. 
_

Anyone can download and simply edit the video.

It is not about what video you download, it is about how you edit it and what effort you put in it!

TikTok rewards creativity! 
_

5) Where do I find unique content?

⁠📚2-fundamentals⁠ 
_

6) Forbidden content

The TikTok algorithm will do its best to stop your video going viral if any of the things in the list provided below is in your video.

- Any form of smoking. No cigarettes are allowed in your videos. Even unlit cigars are on the borderline;
- Any form of crime: violence, drugs etc.;
- Any form of racism or any other discrimination;
- Anything sex related, even talking about sex. Any form of 🔞 content;
- Shooting guns

Any of mentioned above content will ruin your account.
Posting some of mentioned above content will get you strikes or even banned.

TikTok Algorithm will get you blacklisted. The algorithm is your God. Praise the algorithm.

If you refuse to obey the rules, all your work will be ruined and you will have to work much more harder.
Your videos won't go viral

Many of controversial videos are on a blacklist but as soon as they are entertaining, motivational and you are able to keep your viewer until the end and even like/comment - you are good to go.

Most of what Thomas Kralow says on his TikTok is on the blacklist.

You just need to be careful and understand what lines you cannot cross. 
_

7) Reposting viral videos will ruin your account

For real! It will not work. 

Simply reposting content from others will not get you any views. This is a plagiarism and TikTok does not reward any! 
_

8) TikTok Algorithm

The algorithm knows and sees everything.
If you copy other user
If your profile picture is the same as everyone else's
If you are being banal.

The algorithm is designed in the way so TikTok is interesting and entertaining to its users, their only goal is to make TikTok largest social media platform. If you are bringing zero value to TikTok it will punish you.

You think that you can flood TikTok with re-used shit, stuff that already went viral on TikTok 5 times in the past month.
TikTok will punish you with giving you low views.
Do what's good for TikTok and the TikTok algorithm will help you go viral.

The reason Thomas Kralow's videos can do so well, is that sometime in the last 3 months TikTok realized Thomas is good for TikTok.
He's an entertaining and motivational guy.

TikTok definitely won't be happy about using the exact same videos of Thomas for thousands of times.
TikTok wants videos full of high effort, creativity, entertainment and motivation to keep their users entertained.

Praise the algorithm.
Provide the algorithm with what it wants.

The algorithm will literally see that you posted a video that was posted 59 times the last 72 hours (other lazy students like yourself) and lower your Social Credit Score.

It will make sure no one sees that video, because it's bad for TikTok to show the same shit over and over again.

Imagine how boring TikTok would be if it was always the same clip over and over.

Be the profile that TikTok loves, always new content never before seen on TikTok, always high effort, well edited, good hooks.

Content that TikTok viewers love.
Content that makes TikTok grow in power.

Give TikTok algorithm what it wants, and it will give you what you want. 
Main Admin — 06/07/2022 6:49 PM
9) The best strategy

Some of you will get their videos go viral and then realize that you either have many clicks on your link with no sales or even no link clicks at all.

The thing is that your viral video will make people visit your profile and investigate it, they will look through it.

That's why your profile should be top quality. You need to make others want to spend some time there watching other videos.

This is where you want a video about Kralow University (for example) to stand out of the crowd.
That's your sales video that you hope they click.

And that sales video should push them over the edge, and get them to click the link in your bio to buy.

That sales video isn't meant to go viral, it's not why it was made, it was made to be a trap for profiles who find you because other videos of yours went viral. Always pin those sales videos to your profile. Make up to 3 of those about different products/offers and pin them to the top.

Remember, the whole game of marketing is knowing what your audience will do next and try to lead them like gravity to the place and through the path you desire.

The purpose of virility are for followers and profile visits.

Not necessarily sales.

The sales come as a result of a sales video being viewed because of increased followers and profile visits. 
_

10) What to do with spammers?

Sometimes you'll have bots spam in your comments about "Join this" or "Buy this"

You should ban words like "Forex" etc.

You don't want your comments to be filled with people selling their own products, makes your page look unprofessional.

Don't let squatters ruin your page. 
_

11) The most important rule

I see hundreds of you, especially newbies, putting absolutely zero pride in their profile.
I see the same profile pictures over and over again,
I see the same bios over and over again.
I don't see any basic effort at all.

This is what's causing you guys to miss your opportunity to make any money.
Trust and Credibility is everything
Simply look at your profile and ask yourself: 
"Does that profile looks professional?"
"Does it look like it's worth listening to that guy?"
Your profile should look like it was created by a professional marketers.

The most popular phrase I always hear from those who fail:
"My profile is empty but the videos I post are good!"

Nobody cares about your videos. Seriously. You are doomed to fail miserably with such profile where you have put zero effort.

Superficial attitude in one thing means you have the same attitude in everything.

If you don't even do something as easy as a Profile Picture and Bio with high quality professionalism, what's the chances you're actually making good videos? If you fail to put an effort in basic things as your profile picture and bio it means that your videos are also a trash.

Nobody will watch your videos when they will visit your profile if it will look unprofessional and empty with just one strange link. Remember, you don't have any trust yet. Who will want to click to a strange link? Right, NOBODY!

Select nice looking profile picture, it will attract people.
Choose simple and good looking username.
Write short but meaningful bio.

Think about how your profile looks when new "visitor" clicks on it. 
What content does it provide?
Do I want to see other videos?
Is it trustful?
Would they be interested in purchasing something using your reference?

You will need to put effort in it. Affiliate marketing is one of the easiest ways of making money but it doesn't mean it is actually easy! 
Main Admin — 06/07/2022 6:57 PM
_

12)  Switch the seats

In the last few months, Thomas Kralow went viral on TikTok and occupied its part!
Everyone has seen him.

Introduction of who Thomas Kralow is completed and now there are two types of people on TikTok:
1) People who hate Thomas.
2) People who love Thomas.

There is a problem you might experience when targeting second audience (Thomas's fans) by showing them videos they think they already have seen.

This means that the person will think that he/she already have seen the video but in fact, most of them haven't seen even half of Thomas's videos.

Why this happens?
Because it's a different clip of Thomas in the same video they saw.

Do you understand?
They think they've seen the video before.
So, if they think so, they will just skip it.

There is a massive audience that adores Thomas.
But that means nothing because they are sure that they already saw that video and they will skip it.

How to solve this problem?
Either.
1) Find a video that doesn't look similar to any other videos.
2) You have maximum one second to convince them that they have never seen before exactly this video.

That's very unlikely that they have seen this video before
The thing is that there are 100 videos from Thomas on Kralow Trading Show, 100 videos from Thomas's YouTube channel etc.
It's because they see 1 video and think it's another.

Remember the fundamentals of marketing.
People will not watch the video if they are sure that they know what is going to happen in the video.
People will not watch if they are sure they already know the ending of the video.
The point is what they think and nothing else matters! 
Main Admin — 06/08/2022 11:43 AM
13) Anything else?

Closer to the end of the learning process, you will get a list of scripts that you can use as templates. Those scrips will serve as a great foundation to get you going and will allow you to get a feel for your type of audience and what converts them the best. But more on that later.

14) TikTok FAQs

Why can’t I put my link in my bio?
You need 1000 followers to put it in

Why can’t I go viral?
Read this:
⁠📹6-tiktok-lessons⁠

Am I shadowbanned?
Unless your videos are on zero views for a long period of time, then you are not shadowbanned.
Do not blame TikTok if you have less engagement. Algorithm is pushing your video if you obey the rules but the main engagement is from viewers. If your engagement is small, you receive no comments and no likes then I am sorry, your video is trash!


What should I use to edit?
PC: Final Cut, Premiere Pro, Sony Vegas, DaVinci Resolve (free alt.) all get the job done
Phone: CapCut, you can grow to 1M+ followers with it

How can I record the clips?
Screen recording software or loader.to to download it

Should I use a business account?
No, use a personal then join Creator Next which isn’t that difficult

What font should I use?
Use your own unique, professional looking font.
You can find them on dafont.com

What hashtags should I use?
Right hashtags with shitty video will not make you go viral. 
Kralow Affiliate's
BOT
 — 06/14/2022 4:55 PM
Done reading and ready for the next lesson? Click the emoji below and the next lesson will open! 
﻿
